[terra-clinical-item-display] Update text style meaning to use VisuallyHiddenText (#855)
cerner/terra-clinical: packages/terra-clinical-item-display/CHANGELOG.md

  * `strong` tag around strong style text.
  * `span` tag around non-strong style text.

* Changed

>   * Make screen reader support for text styling more robust by using terra-visually-hidden-text.

Reviewer: Nitpicky but how does this sound?
```suggestion
  * Improved screen reader support for text styling by utilizing terra-visually-hidden-text.
```

Author: Done: https://github.com/cerner/terra-clinical/pull/855/commits/106c28265abb46338f0d525e4e02e91657637d29
